docs(autoscaler): add details about flags (#7993)
kubernetes/autoscaler: cluster-autoscaler/cloudprovider/clusterapi/README.md

## Connecting cluster-autoscaler to Cluster API management and workload Clusters

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > `--cloud-config` is the flag to configure the cloud provider. Here the cloud provider is "Cluster API".

Reviewer: i like the direction that Jack is going. i would like to see these advisories specifically mention the kubeconfig. eg

```
`--cloud-config` is the flag for specifying a mount volume path to the kubernetes configuration (ie KUBECONFIG) to the cluster-autoscaler for communicating with the cluster-api management cluster for the purpose of scaling machines.
```

> > `--cloud-config` is the flag to configure the cloud provider. Here the cloud provider is "Cluster API".

Author: ```suggestion
> `--cloud-config` is the flag for specifying a mount volume path to the kubernetes configuration (ie KUBECONFIG) to the cluster-autoscaler for communicating with the cluster-api management cluster for the purpose of scaling machines.
```

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > `--kubeconfig` is the flag to configure the cluster to watch for the need of autoscaling.

Reviewer 2: `--kubeconfig` configures a mount volume path to the workload cluster KUBECONFIG for the cluster-autoscaler runtime when not running cluster-autoscaler on the workload cluster itself.

Reviewer 2: I know the above are mouthfuls, thoughts @elmiko ?

Reviewer: similar to the above, i like Jack's direction. if we are going to add these advisories i want them to specifically mention the kubeconfig. eg

```
`--kubeconfig` is the flag for specifying a mount volume  path to the kubernetes configuration (ie KUBECONFIG) to the cluster-autoscaler for communicating with the cluster-api workload cluster for the purpose of watching Nodes and Pods. This flag can be affected by the desired topology for deploying the cluster-autoscaler, please see the diagrams below for more information.
```

Author: ```suggestion
> ``--kubeconfig` is the flag for specifying a mount volume  path to the kubernetes configuration (ie KUBECONFIG) to the cluster-autoscaler for communicating with the cluster-api workload cluster for the purpose of watching Nodes and Pods. This flag can be affected by the desired topology for deploying the cluster-autoscaler, please see the diagrams below for more information.
```

> > `--cloud-config` is the flag for specifying a mount volume path to the kubernetes configuration (ie KUBECONFIG) to the cluster-autoscaler for communicating with the cluster-api management cluster for the purpose of scaling machines.

Reviewer 2: I think we can remove "to the cluster-autoscaler" for both of these, as that relationship is already implied, I think (and it stutters following the "to the kubernetes configuration" part of the sentence).

Reviewer: i was trying to be as specific as possible given the context, perhaps "for the cluster-autoscaler" ?

Reviewer 2: ya I think that's better
